Solr boosting clarification (#568)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/solr.md

The configuration above will result in the following boosting (Content Type / Field):

- `article/title: 2.0`
- `news/description: 1.0` (default)
- `article/text (meta): 5.0`
- `blog_post/name (meta): 10.0`
- `article/name (meta): 2.0`

!!! tip "How to configure boosting on specific fields"

>     Currently, boosting on particular fields is missing. However, it could be configured using 3rd party [Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle](https://github.com/Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle) in case of custom search implementation, for instance for your front-end search form. Unfortunately, this doesn't affect search perfomed in PlatformUI. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Currently, boosting on particular fields is missing. However, it could be configured using 3rd party [Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle](https://github.com/Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle) in case of custom search implementation, for instance for your front-end search form. Unfortunately, this doesn't affect search performed in the administration interface. 
```

>     Currently, boosting on particular fields is missing. However, it could be configured using 3rd party [Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle](https://github.com/Novactive/NovaeZSolrSearchExtraBundle) in case of custom search implementation, for instance for your front-end search form. Unfortunately, this doesn't affect search perfomed in PlatformUI. 

Reviewer 2: > for instance for your front-end search form
Two "for's" in 3 words, maybe it would be better to rewrite this part to something like:
> for instance to handle your front-end search form

Author: Hmm, right. @MagdalenaZuba offered to fix some language mistakes, so I hope she'll cover also this one.

    ```php
    <?php
    
    namespace AppBundle\Controller;
    
    use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\SearchService;
    use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\Content\Query;
    use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Request;
    use Symfony\Component\HttpFoundation\Response;
    
    class SearchController
    {
        /**
         * @var \eZ\Publish\API\Repository\SearchService
         */
        private $searchService;
    
        public function __construct(SearchService $searchService)
        {
            $this->searchService = $searchService;
        }
    
        public function searchAction(Request $request): Response
        {
            $queryString = $request->get('query');
            
            $query = new Query();
            $query->query = new \Novactive\EzSolrSearchExtra\Query\Content\Criterion\MultipleFieldsFullText(
                $queryString,
                [
                    'metaBoost' => [
                        'custom_folder_name' => 20.0,
                        'custom_folder_description' => 10.0,
                    ]
                ]
            );
    
            $searchResult = $this->searchService->findContent($query);
            

>             ...

Reviewer 2: Can we put those `...` in the comment? So we will have a valid PHP code?

Author: This is done on purpose, since this code isn't valid even without these dots 😉

Reviewer 3: @kmadejski to avoid this, can we slim down the example to only cover the important bits? So it's clear it's not a copy paste full example

as in, drip the whole class and all, more like:
```
use eZ\Publish\API\Repository\Values\Content\Query;
use Novactive\EzSolrSearchExtra\Query\Content\Criterion\MultipleFieldsFullText;

// (...)

$query = new Query();
$query->query = new MultipleFieldsFullText(
    $queryString,
    [
        'metaBoost' => [
            'custom_folder_name' => 20.0,
            'custom_folder_description' => 10.0,
        ]
    ]
);

$searchResult = $this->searchService->findContent($query);
```

Reviewer 3: Ops, to late :)
